README.md, before:

# Notes

## Artificial Intelligence

#### [True Brain Computing](http://truebraincomputing.com/) ([Alexey Redozubov](http://www.aboutbrain.ru/))
- [The Logic of Consciousness _(Логика сознания)_...](ai/redozubov/logic_of_consciousness/README.md)

## English

- [Секреты английских глаголов _(Блог Торвальда)_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot4vqFRiG8M)

#### Английский по Драгункину
- [Настоящий Драгункин...](english/dragunkin/true/README.md)

## Infrastructure

#### Serverless
- [Links...](infrastructure/serverless/links/README.md)

## User Interface

#### Charts
- [d3fc - components for building interactive charts with D3](https://d3fc.io/) [[fork](https://github.com/mikelaud/d3fc)] [[source](https://github.com/d3fc/d3fc)] [[doc](https://d3fc.io/introduction/getting-started.html)] [[demo](https://d3fc.io/examples/)]
   - [Unboxing D3](https://medium.com/@ColinEberhardt/unboxing-d3-ec3d71196852)
   - [Extending D3 with higher-order components](https://medium.com/@ColinEberhardt/extending-d3-with-higher-order-components-d58cd40b7efd)
   - [Building a Complex Financial Chart with D3 and d3fc](https://blog.scottlogic.com/2018/09/21/d3-financial-chart.html)
- [D3.js, Three.js and CSS 3D Transforms](https://www.delimited.io/blog/2014/3/14/d3js-threejs-and-css-3d-transforms) [[fork](https://github.com/mikelaud/d3-threejs)] [[source](https://github.com/sghall/d3-threejs)] [[demo](http://projects.delimited.io/experiments/d3-threejs/)]
- [React Stockcharts](http://rrag.github.io/react-stockcharts/) [[fork1](https://github.com/mikelaud/react-stockcharts)] [[fork2](https://github.com/mikelaud/react-stockcharts-examples2)] [[source](https://github.com/rrag/react-stockcharts)] [[doc](http://rrag.github.io/react-stockcharts/documentation.html)] [[demo](https://github.com/rrag/react-stockcharts-examples2)]
- [TechanJS](http://techanjs.org/) [[fork](https://github.com/mikelaud/techan.js)] [[source](https://github.com/andredumas/techan.js)] [[doc](https://github.com/andredumas/techan.js/wiki)] [[demo](https://github.com/andredumas/techan.js/wiki/Gallery)]

Commit message:

add - Interactive Data Visualization for the Web: An Introduction to Designing with D3 (Scott Murray)

README.md, after:

# Notes

## Artificial Intelligence

#### [True Brain Computing](http://truebraincomputing.com/) ([Alexey Redozubov](http://www.aboutbrain.ru/))
- [The Logic of Consciousness _(Логика сознания)_...](ai/redozubov/logic_of_consciousness/README.md)

## English

- [Секреты английских глаголов _(Блог Торвальда)_](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ot4vqFRiG8M)

#### Английский по Драгункину
- [Настоящий Драгункин...](english/dragunkin/true/README.md)

## Infrastructure

#### Serverless
- [Links...](infrastructure/serverless/links/README.md)

## User Interface

#### Charts (2D)
- [d3fc - components for building interactive charts with D3](https://d3fc.io/) [[fork](https://github.com/mikelaud/d3fc)] [[source](https://github.com/d3fc/d3fc)] [[doc](https://d3fc.io/introduction/getting-started.html)] [[demo](https://d3fc.io/examples/)]
   - [Unboxing D3](https://medium.com/@ColinEberhardt/unboxing-d3-ec3d71196852)
   - [Extending D3 with higher-order components](https://medium.com/@ColinEberhardt/extending-d3-with-higher-order-components-d58cd40b7efd)
   - [Building a Complex Financial Chart with D3 and d3fc](https://blog.scottlogic.com/2018/09/21/d3-financial-chart.html)
- [D3.js, Three.js and CSS 3D Transforms](https://www.delimited.io/blog/2014/3/14/d3js-threejs-and-css-3d-transforms) [[fork](https://github.com/mikelaud/d3-threejs)] [[source](https://github.com/sghall/d3-threejs)] [[demo](http://projects.delimited.io/experiments/d3-threejs/)]
- [Interactive Data Visualization for the Web: An Introduction to Designing with D3 (Scott Murray)](https://www.amazon.com/Interactive-Data-Visualization-Web-Introduction/dp/1491921285/)
- [React Stockcharts](http://rrag.github.io/react-stockcharts/) [[fork1](https://github.com/mikelaud/react-stockcharts)] [[fork2](https://github.com/mikelaud/react-stockcharts-examples2)] [[source](https://github.com/rrag/react-stockcharts)] [[doc](http://rrag.github.io/react-stockcharts/documentation.html)] [[demo](https://github.com/rrag/react-stockcharts-examples2)]
- [TechanJS](http://techanjs.org/) [[fork](https://github.com/mikelaud/techan.js)] [[source](https://github.com/andredumas/techan.js)] [[doc](https://github.com/andredumas/techan.js/wiki)] [[demo](https://github.com/andredumas/techan.js/wiki/Gallery)]
